[[[Army Rules]]]

[[Blessings of Khorne]]

Khorne is the god of warfare and slaughter, and provides mighty boons to those who consecrate the battlefield in his name.
If your Army Faction is WORLD EATERS, at the start of the battle round, you can make a Blessings of Khorne roll. To do so, roll eight D6. You can then use those dice to activate up to two Blessings of Khorne from the Blessings of Khorne list (see below). Each Blessing of Khorne specifies the dice results it requires (where a number is specified, a double or triple of that value or higher is required). You can only activate each Blessing of Khorne once per battle round. Any unused dice from the Blessings of Khorne roll are then discarded.

Once activated, each Blessing of Khorne applies to all units from your army with this ability until the end of the battle round.

Example: Ash makes their Blessings of Khorne roll and gets the following dice: 1, 2, 2, 2, 3, 4, 6, 6. First they use the two 6s to activate Warp Blades (which requires a double 5+), leaving the following dice: 1, 2, 2, 2, 3, 4.

They then use the two 2s to activate Wrathful Devotion (which requires any double), leaving the following dice: 1, 2, 3, 4.

However, now that they have activated two Blessings of Khorne, they cannot activate any more and the remaining dice are discarded.

[RAGE-FUELLED INVIGORATION]

ANY DOUBLE
Add 2" to the Move characteristic of models in this unit.

[WRATHFUL DEVOTION]

ANY DOUBLE
Models in this unit have the Feel No Pain 6+ ability. If models in this unit already have the Feel No Pain ability, add 1 to their Feel No Pain rolls.

[MARTIAL EXCELLENCE]

DOUBLE 3+
Melee weapons equipped by models in this unit have the [SUSTAINED HITS 1] ability.

[TOTAL CARNAGE]

DOUBLE 4+ OR ANY TRIPLE
Each time a model in this unit is destroyed by a melee attack, if that model has not fought this phase, roll one D6: on a 4+, do not remove it from play. The destroyed model can fight after the attacking model’s unit has finished making its attacks, and is then removed from play.

[WARP BLADES]

DOUBLE 5+ OR ANY TRIPLE
Melee weapons equipped by models in this unit have the [LETHAL HITS] ability.

UNBRIDLED BLOODLUST]

DOUBLE 6 OR TRIPLE 4+
This unit is eligible to declare a charge in a turn in which it Advanced.
Berzerker Warband
Detachment Rule
If your Army Faction is WORLD EATERS, you can use this Berzerker Warband Detachment rule.

Relentless Rage

The World Eaters fight in a perpetual fury, driven ever onwards to slaughter all who stand in their way. All of their warriors have been subject to horrific psycho-surgery, implanted with crude devices that amplify their aggression, while some also submit to possession by the raging daemons of the Blood God. Whatever drives their berserk rage, these warriors only stop killing when every foe lies in ruin at their feet – and sometimes not even then.
Each time a WORLD EATERS unit from your army is selected to fight, if that unit made a Charge move this turn, until the end of the phase, add 1 to the Strength and Attacks characteristics of melee weapons equipped by models in that unit.

Stratagems
If you are using the Berzerker Warband Detachment rule, you can use these Berzerker Warband Stratagems.

GORY MASSACRE
1CP
Berzerker Warband – Strategic Ploy Stratagem
Those who witness the massacres inflicted by the World Eaters flee to avoid being the next victims.
WHEN: Fight phase.

TARGET: One WORLD EATERS unit from your army that made a Charge move this turn and destroyed one or more enemy units this phase.

EFFECT: In your opponent’s next Command phase, each enemy unit within 6" of your unit must take a Battle-shock test. If the unit taking that test is Below Half-strength, subtract 1 from that test. Enemy units affected by this Stratagem do not need to take any other Battle-shock tests in the same phase.
FOR THE SKULL THRONE!
1CP
Berzerker Warband – Battle Tactic Stratagem
Khorne rewards those who test their might against the strongest foes, blessing the greatest warriors with his favour.
WHEN: Fight phase.

TARGET: One WORLD EATERS unit from your army that has not been selected to fight this phase.

EFFECT: Until the end of the phase, each time a model in your unit makes a melee attack that targets a CHARACTER, MONSTER or VEHICLE unit, add 1 to the Wound roll.
FOR THE BLOOD GOD!
1CP
Berzerker Warband – Battle Tactic Stratagem
When blood spills, the blessings of the Blood God are bountiful.
WHEN: Fight phase, just after a WORLD EATERS unit from your army destroys an enemy unit.

TARGET: That WORLD EATERS unit.

EFFECT: Make a Blessings of Khorne roll. You can use the results of this roll to activate one Blessing of Khorne. That Blessing of Khorne does not count towards your maximum number of activated Blessings of Khorne, but all other rules for Blessings of Khorne apply.
KHORNE CARES NOT...
2CP
Berzerker Warband – Strategic Ploy Stratagem
Khorne cares not from whence the blood flows, so long as it flows, and mere flesh wounds will not stay the wrath of the World Eaters.
WHEN: Fight phase, just after an enemy unit has selected its targets.

TARGET: One WORLD EATERS unit from your army that was selected as the target of one or more of that enemy unit’s attacks.

EFFECT: Until the end of the phase, each time an attack targets your unit, subtract 1 from the Damage characteristic of that attack.
BLOOD OFFERING
1CP
Berzerker Warband – Epic Deed Stratagem
The blood of Khorne’s devoted warriors is still blood, and when the battleground runs red, it is still a worthy addition to the Blood God’s domain.
WHEN: Any phase.

TARGET: One WORLD EATERS unit from your army that was just destroyed while it was within range of an objective marker you controlled. You can use this Stratagem on that unit even though it was just destroyed.

EFFECT: That objective marker remains under your control, even if you have no models within range of it, until your opponent controls it at the start or end of any turn.
APOPLECTIC FRENZY
1CP
Berzerker Warband – Battle Tactic Stratagem
Those who fight for Khorne are driven to even greater depths of rage, surging towards the foe in a barely controlled tide.
WHEN: Your Movement phase.

TARGET: One WORLD EATERS unit from your army that has not been selected to move this phase.

EFFECT: Until the end of the phase, if your unit Advances, do not make an Advance roll for it. Instead, until the end of the phase, add 6" to the Move characteristic of models in your unit.

Enhancements
If you are using the Berzerker Warband Detachment rule, you can use these Berzerker Warband Enhancements.

    Favoured of Khorne 20 pts

This warrior has the favour of Khorne; the Blood God seems to aid him in his slaughter with a portion of his own power.

WORLD EATERS model only. Once per battle, when you make a Blessings of Khorne roll, before doing anything else, the bearer can use this Enhancement. If it does, discard all of the dice from that roll and make a new Blessings of Khorne roll. This new roll does not count as a re-roll, so any rules that enable you to re-roll or manipulate individual dice (e.g. Icon of Khorne) can still be used.

    Berzerker Glaive 25 pts

The bearer of this daemon-infested weapon is driven to a state of apoplectic frenzy by the proximity of its red-hot steel.

WORLD EATERS model only. Add 1 to the Attacks and Damage characteristics of melee weapons equipped by the bearer.

    Battle-lust 15 pts

This veteran killer’s lust for battle draws him into any and all fights, his thirst driving him to new heights of battlefield frenzy.

WORLD EATERS model only. You can select the bearer’s unit for the Heroic Intervention Stratagem for 0CP, and can do so even if you have already targeted a different unit with that Stratagem this phase.

    Helm of Brazen Ire 25 pts

This helm is forged from unbreakable brass from the Blood God’s own throne. Any who seek to take the bearer’s skull find that their blades break upon it.

WORLD EATERS model only. Each time an attack is allocated to the bearer, halve the Damage characteristic of that attack.
Vessels of Wrath

When the power of the Warp waxes and Khorne’s worshippers pour into battle in their multitudes, the bloody butchery reaches heights undreamed of. Upon this carmine altar of war, the Khorne champions compete mercilessly to win his favour and feel his forge-hot touch upon their souls. Every savage stride along the Path to Glory sees them hack down more luckless foes. Blood runs in rivers and hoses walls and barricades with arterial sprays as the champions of Khorne strike off heads and carve open bodies, seeking the worthy kill that will – for but the most fleeting of moments – catch the eye of Khorne. Amidst such wanton carnage, even the lowliest devotee of the Blood God can begin their rise to power, their comrades looking on with naked hunger as aspiration becomes a violent reality.

Detachment Rule
Wrath of Khorne

From storied conqueror to obscure squad leader, every Khornate champion treads a personal Path to Glory. However unsung their names, they believe that the Blood God may deign to invest any of these hopefuls with a small measure of his wrath in the expectation that they will not squander it.
At the start of the battle round, after activating Blessings of Khorne, you can select one or more models from your army from those listed below (including models that are embarked within TRANSPORTS):

    WORLD EATERS CHARACTER (excluding EPIC HEROES)
    Eightbound Champion
    Exalted Eightbound Champion
    Khorne Berzerkers Champion
    World Eaters Terminator Champion


You can select the same type of model multiple times. The maximum number of models you can select depends on the battle size, as follows:

INCURSION:	2 MODELS
STRIKE FORCE:	3 MODELS
ONSLAUGHT:	4 MODELS

Until the end of the battle round, each of those models has the VESSEL OF WRATH keyword (we recommend marking such models with a suitable token). Then, select one Blessing of Khorne that is not currently active for your army. Until the end of the battle round, that Blessing of Khorne is active for VESSEL OF WRATH units from your army in addition to any others that are active for your army.

Enhancements

    Archslaughterer 25 pts

This gifted killer channels the fullness of his rage into every weapon swing – doubly so when the Blood God’s gaze is upon him.

WORLD EATERS model only. Improve the Armour Penetration characteristic of melee weapons equipped by the bearer by 1. While the bearer is a VESSEL OF WRATH , improve the Damage characteristic of those weapons by 1 as well.

    Vox-diabolus 20 pts

Anointed with the vitae of the freshly slain, this champion’s triumphant roars are supernaturally amplified until they echo into the Warp.

WORLD EATERS model only. Each time the bearer’s unit destroys an enemy unit with a melee attack, roll one D6, adding 1 to the result if the bearer is a VESSEL OF WRATH : on a 4+, you gain 1CP.

    Avenger’s Crown 15 pts

This circlet of black iron is said to grant its wearer a surge of vengeful violence when their doom becomes inescapable.

WORLD EATERS model only. If the bearer is destroyed by a melee attack, if it has not fought this phase, roll one D6: on a 2+, do not remove it from play. The destroyed model can fight after the attacking unit has finished making its attacks, and is then removed from play.

    Gateways to Glory 10 pts

Like an axe swept through defenceless flesh, some patron daemons of Khorne rip portals in reality for this favoured servant to surge through.

WORLD EATERS DAEMON PRINCE or WORLD EATERS MOUNTED model only. Each time the bearer makes a Normal, Advance or Charge move, it can move horizontally through models and terrain features. When doing so, it can move within Engagement Range of such models but cannot end a Normal or Advance move within Engagement Range of them.

Stratagems
ASPIRE TO INFAMY
1CP
Vessels of Wrath – Battle Tactic Stratagem
With proven champions of Khorne looking on, those of lesser renown hurl themselves into the fray with greater ferocity, eager to prove their prowess.
WHEN: Fight phase.

TARGET: One KHORNE BERZERKERS or JAKHALS unit from your army that has not been selected to fight this phase and is within 8" of one or more friendly WORLD EATERS CHARACTER models.

EFFECT: Until the end of the phase, improve the Strength and Armour Penetration characteristics of melee weapons equipped by non-CHARACTER models in your unit by 1.
OVERSHADOWED BY NONE
1CP
Vessels of Wrath – Battle Tactic Stratagem
The more towering and monstrous the adversary, the better a chance that its bloody end will win the approbation of Khorne.
WHEN: Fight phase.

TARGET: One WORLD EATERS INFANTRY, WORLD EATERS MOUNTED or WORLD EATERS DAEMON PRINCE unit from your army that has not been selected to fight this phase.

EFFECT: Until the end of the phase, each time a model in your unit makes an attack that targets a MONSTER or VEHICLE unit, you can re-roll the Wound roll.
GORY DEDICATION
1CP
Vessels of Wrath – Strategic Ploy Stratagem
To the World Eaters, every battlefield is an altar upon which to offer up crimson sacrifices. Where the lifeblood of their victims falls, it anoints the ground as holy to Khorne’s murderous creed.
WHEN: End of the Fight phase.

TARGET: One WORLD EATERS unit from your army that destroyed one or more enemy models with a melee attack this phase.

EFFECT: Select one objective marker you control that your unit is within range of. That objective marker remains under your control until your opponent’s Level of Control over that objective marker is greater than yours at the end of a phase.
PUNISH THE CRAVEN
1CP
Vessels of Wrath – Strategic Ploy Stratagem
The Blood God is said to detest cowards. Meting out punishment to such degenerates is a sure way to win his favour and gain his wrathful boons.
WHEN: Your opponent’s Movement phase, just after an enemy unit (excluding MONSTERS and VEHICLES) is selected to Fall Back.

TARGET: One WORLD EATERS INFANTRY or WORLD EATERS DAEMON PRINCE unit from your army within Engagement Range of that enemy unit.

EFFECT: When that enemy unit Falls Back, all models in that enemy unit must take a Desperate Escape test. When doing so, if your unit is a VESSEL OF WRATH unit, subtract 1 from each of those tests.
MEET FORCE WITH FORCE
1CP
Vessels of Wrath – Strategic Ploy Stratagem
Desperate to prove themselves to the Blood God in this hour of infernal glory, these warriors are only goaded to more ferocious efforts by the enemy’s attempts to hold them at bay.
WHEN: Your opponent’s Shooting phase, just after an enemy unit has shot.

TARGET: One WORLD EATERS INFANTRY, WORLD EATERS MOUNTED or WORLD EATERS DAEMON PRINCE unit from your army that lost one or more wounds as a result of those attacks.

EFFECT: Your unit can make a Blood Surge move. To do so, roll one D6: models in your unit move a number of inches up to the result, but your unit must end that move as close as possible to the closest enemy unit (excluding AIRCRAFT). When doing so, those models can be moved within Engagement Range of that enemy unit. If your unit is a KHORNE BERZERKERS or VESSEL OF WRATH unit, you can re-roll the D6 to determine how far your unit can move.
BRAZEN CONTEMPT
1CP
Vessels of Wrath – Battle Tactic Stratagem
Empowered by flowing waves of hatred that they believe emanate from the Blood God himself, Khorne’s worshippers feel nothing but scorn at their enemies’ pitiful blows.
WHEN: Your opponent’s Shooting phase, just after an enemy unit has selected its targets.

TARGET: One WORLD EATERS unit from your army that was selected as the target of one or more of the attacking unit’s attacks.

EFFECT: Until the end of the phase, each time an attack targets your unit, if the Strength characteristic of that attack is greater than the Toughness characteristic of your unit, subtract 1 from the Wound roll, or, if it is a VESSEL OF WRATH unit, subtract 1 from the Wound roll instead.
Boarding Actions
Introduction
Within the following pages you will find numerous Boarding Actions Detachments that can be used in your Boarding Actions games. Each lists which units you can include in your army, any modifications to those units’ army rule as presented in their Codex or Index, a Detachment rule unique to that Detachment, and a number of Enhancements and Stratagems that you can use.

ARMY FACTION
A keyword that will be shared by all units in your army.

MUSTERING RULES
Which units you are allowed to include in your army.

FORMING BOARDING SQUADS
Any additional rules that will apply in the missions Form Boarding Squads step. Note that not all Detachments will have these.

RULES ADAPTATIONS
Some units will be unable to use certain abilities in Boarding Actions battles. Where this is the case, these units and their relevant abilities will be listed here.

ARMY RULE
Due to the distinct nature of close-quarters battle in Boarding Actions, most army rules require some modifications to their effects. Where this is the case, these will be described here.

DETACHMENT RULE
Each faction will have a number of different Detachments to choose from, each with its own Detachment rule to reflect the unique fighting methods of such forces.

ENHANCEMENTS
Further Enhancements that you can give to CHARACTER models from your army, beyond those(Boarding Actions Enhancments), will be found here.

STRATAGEMS
Additional Stratagems that you can use, in addition to those (Boarding Actions Stratagems), will be found here.
Boarding Butchers

Whether attacking an enemy voidship, or counterassaulting foes unwise enough to board a World Eaters vessel, these blood-drenched slaughterers reduce their victims to headless carcasses with shocking speed. Such close confines suit these murderous berzerkers perfectly.
Mustering a Boarding Patrol
You can include up to two of the following units:

    KHÂRN THE BETRAYER
    WORLD EATERS MASTER OF EXECUTIONS

You can include up to three of each of the following units:

    KHORNE BERZERKERS (5 or 10 models)
    JAKHALS* (10 models)

* The combined total number of these units cannot be more than the number of KHORNE BERZERKERS units.

You can include up to one of the following units:

    EIGHTBOUND (3 models)
    EXALTED EIGHTBOUND (3 models)

You can include up to one of each of the following units:

    WORLD EATERS CHAOS SPAWN (2 models)
    WORLD EATERS TERMINATOR SQUAD (5 models)


Forming Boarding Squads

    Do not split JAKHALS units into separate units in the Form Boarding Squads step.


Rules Adaptations

    The EXALTED EIGHTBOUND unit loses the Overwhelming Wrath ability.
    The JAKHALS unit loses the Objective Ravaged ability.
    The KHÂRN THE BETRAYER model loses the lire Betrayer ability.
    The KHORNE BERZERKERS unit loses the Blood Surge ability.
    The WORLD EATERS CHAOS SPAWN unit loses the Regenerating Monstrosities ability.


Army Rule
Slaughterers’ Glory

Though not locked in the sorts of immense and epic bloodbaths believed to best draw the eye of Khorne, still these shipboard warbands aspire to earn the Blood God’s favour.
Units from your army with the Blessings of Khorne ability retain that ability and gain this one.

At the start of the battle round, when making a Blessings of Khorne roll, roll four D6 instead of eight D6. You can only activate one Blessing of Khorne per battle round, instead of up to 2.

Detachment Rule
Focused Ferocity

In the close confines of shipboard warfare, with their battle cries reverberating along corpse-strewn corridors, the charge of World Eaters is an elementally terrifying and seemingly unstoppable force.
Each time a WORLD EATERS unit from your army declares a charge, each target of that charge must take a Battle-shock test.
Enhancements
Chosen of Khorne

Many are the skulls this warrior has taken and offered up in the Blood God’s name, which has its rewards.

Once the bearer has destroyed one or more enemy units, until the end of the battle, each time you make a Blessings of Khorne roll, if the bearer is on the battlefield, you can re-roll all of the dice (if you do, you must re-roll every dice).
Battle Lust

Foes attempting to gun this warrior down only stoke his berserk rage still higher.

Each time an enemy unit is selected to shoot, after that unit has shot, if the bearer was the target of one or more of those attacks, it can make a Battle Lust move. To do so, roll one D6: the bearer can be moved a distance in inches up to the result, but must end that move as close as possible to the attacking unit. When doing so, the bearer can be moved within Engagement Range of that enemy unit, but only that enemy unit.
Stratagems
TERRIFYING SCREAMS
1CP
Boarding Butchers – Strategic Ploy Stratagem
These warriors dismember their victims with such apocalyptic violence that the agonised screams of the dying ring throughout the ship.
WHEN: Fight phase, just after a WORLD EATERS unit from your army destroys an enemy unit.

TARGET: That WORLD EATERS unit.

EFFECT: Until the end of your opponent’s next Command phase, subtract 1 from Battle-shock and Leadership tests taken for all enemy units.
UNSTOPPABLE RAGE
1CP
Boarding Butchers – Strategic Ploy Stratagem
Charging headlong into battle, these warriors simply smash hatches from their housings as they bull their way through, often straight into unsuspecting foes waiting in corridors and chambers beyond.
WHEN: Your Movement phase, just after a WORLD EATERS unit from your army (excluding JAKHAL units) opens a Hatchway.

TARGET: That WORLD EATERS unit.

EFFECT: For each enemy unit within 3" of that Hatchway and wholly on the opposite side of it from your unit, until the start of your next Movement phase, that enemy unit is stunned. While a unit is stunned, each time a model in it makes an attack, subtract 1 from the Hit roll.
SAVAGE RESILIENCE
1CP
Boarding Butchers – Battle Tactic Stratagem
Lost to blood madness, these warriors cannot be halted even by ruinous salvoes of enemy fire.
WHEN: Your opponent’s Shooting phase, just after an enemy unit has selected its targets.

TARGET: One WORLD EATERS unit from your army that was selected as the target of one or more of the attacking unit’s attacks.

EFFECT: Until the end of the phase, each time an attack is allocated to a model in your unit, subtract 1 from the Damage characteristic of that attack.
COWARDS’ BANE
1CP
Boarding Butchers – Strategic Ploy Stratagem
Disgusted by those who seek to flee their axes, the World Eaters cut them down without mercy.
WHEN: Your opponent’s Movement phase, just after an enemy unit is selected to Fall Back.

TARGET: One WORLD EATERS unit from your army (excluding JAKHAL units) within Engagement Range of that enemy unit.

EFFECT: Until the end of the phase, each time that enemy unit Falls Back, models in it must take Desperate Escape tests as if their unit was Battle-shocked. When doing so, if that enemy unit is also Battle-shocked by other means, subtract 1 from each of those Desperate Escape tests.
Skullsworn

The elite of the World Eaters burn with the unholy blessings of Khorne. However, such might is not given freely. Storming headlong into the close-quarters carnage of a boarding action is the ideal way in which such empowered warriors can claim the tithe of skulls they owe their Dark God.
Mustering a Boarding Patrol
You can include up to two of the following units:

    KHÂRN THE BETRAYER
    WORLD EATERS MASTER OF EXECUTIONS

You can include up to two of each of the following units:

    EIGHTBOUND (3 models)
    EXALTED EIGHTBOUND (3 models)
    WORLD EATERS TERMINATOR SQUAD (5 or 10 models)


Rules Adaptations

    WORLD EATERS TERMINATOR SQUAD units can perform the Secure Site Tactical Manoeuvre as if they had the BATTLELINE keyword.
    The EXALTED EIGHTBOUND unit loses the Overwhelming Wrath ability.
    The KHÂRN THE BETRAYER model loses the The Betrayer ability.


Army Rule
Slaughterers’ Glory

Though not locked in the sorts of immense and epic bloodbaths believed to best draw the eye of Khorne, still these shipboard warbands aspire to earn the Blood God’s favour.
Units from your army with the Blessings of Khorne ability retain that ability and gain this one.

At the start of the battle round, when making a Blessings of Khorne roll, roll four D6 instead of eight D6. You can only activate one Blessing of Khorne per battle round, instead of up to 2.

Detachment Rule
Reap the Tally

Nothing, not even death, can prevent these ferocious killers from claiming the skulls that are the Blood Gods due.
Each time a WORLD EATERS model from your army (excluding KHÂRN THE BETRAYER) is destroyed by a melee attack and it has not fought this phase, roll one D6: on a 5+, do not remove it from play. The destroyed model can fight after the attacking unit has finished making its attacks, and is then removed from play.
Enhancements
Frenzied

So gripped is this warrior by the need to kill and kill again in Khornes name, that they never for even a moment pause in their endless hunt for fresh victims.

You can re-roll Advance and Charge rolls made for the bearer, and the bearer is eligible to declare a charge in a turn in which it Advanced.
Carmine Corona

As this murderous champion butchers his foes, so a blazing crown of rage, hate and agony blazes to life about his brows. None can look upon this ghastly spectacle without their eyes bleeding and a bleak despair gripping their hearts.

When the bearer destroys an enemy unit for the first time, until the end of the battle, the bearer has an Objective Control characteristic of 5.
Stratagems
BLOOD RITE
1CP
Skullsworn – Strategic Ploy Stratagem
Ground upon which Khorne’s champions have shed the blood of their foes is indelibly stained with the mark of their wrathful god.
WHEN: Fight phase, just after a WORLD EATERS TERMINATOR, EIGHTBOUND or EXALTED EIGHTBOUND unit from your army destroys an enemy unit.

TARGET: That unit.

EFFECT: Select one objective marker that your unit or the destroyed unit was within range of at the start of the phase. That objective marker is Secured by your army.
FURIOUS MOMENTUM
1CP
Skullsworn – Strategic Ploy Stratagem
Gripped by supernatural levels of fury, these warriors surge through the raging heart of battle like a bloody tide.
WHEN: Fight phase.

TARGET: One WORLD EATERS unit from your army that has not been selected to fight this phase.

EFFECT: Until the end of the phase, each time a model in your unit makes a Pile-in or Consolidation move, it can move upto 6" instead of up to 3".
RUINOUS RAMPAGE
1CP
Skullsworn – Strategic Ploy Stratagem
These berserk warriors smash through armoured hatchways as though they were no more durable than parchment.
WHEN: Your Movement or Charge phase.

TARGET: One WORLD EATERS TERMINATOR, EIGHTBOUND or EXALTED EIGHTBOUND unit from your army that has not been selected to move this phase and has not declared a charge this phase.

EFFECT: Until the end of the phase, when making a Normal, Advance or Charge move, your unit can move through a single closed Hatchway as if it was open. When doing so, that Hatchway is opened and cannot be closed for the rest of the battle. This can allow that unit to declare a charge against enemy units that are not visible to it, but to do so those enemy units must be within 1" of that Hatchway and wholly on the opposite side of it from your unit.

RESTRICTIONS: You can only use this Stratagem once per turn.
SHOCKING ONSLAUGHT
1CP
Skullsworn – Battle Tactic Stratagem
The horrifying onset of these warriors can paralyse enemies with fear at the crucial moment.
WHEN: Your Movement or Charge phase, just after an enemy unit is selected to fire Overwatch.

TARGET: One WORLD EATERS unit from your army.

EFFECT: Until the end of the phase, each time an enemy unit is selected to fire Overwatch, it must take a Leadership test, subtracting 1 from the result: if failed, that enemy unit cannot fire Overwatch at your unit this phase.
