COMMAND PHASE
Both players muster strategic resources, then you test your units’ battle readiness.

```
Your Command phase is split into two steps. In the first, both players gain 1 Command point (CP) and you resolve any other Command phase rules; in the second, you test to see if any of your units are Battle-shocked.

1
COMMAND
2
BATTLE-SHOCK

```

1. Command
At the start of your Command phase, before doing anything else, both players gain 1CP. Command points are a strategic resource that you can spend during the battle to use Stratagems.

Then, if you have any other rules that need to be resolved in the Command phase, you do so now before progressing to the Battle-shock step.

```
   - Both players gain 1CP.
   - Resolve any other rules that occur in the Command phase.
```

2. Battle-shock
In this step, you must take a Battle-shock test for each of your units on the battlefield that is Below Half-strength. To do so, roll 2D6: if the result is greater than or equal to the best Leadership characteristic in that unit, the test is passed; otherwise, the test is failed and, until the start of your next Command phase, that unit is Battle-shocked.

While a unit is Battle-shocked:
```
   - The Objective Control characteristic of all of its models is 0.
   - If it Falls Back, you must take a Desperate Escape test for every model in that unit.
   - Its controlling player cannot use Stratagems to affect that unit.
```

Once you have taken Battle-shock tests for all of your units that require them, your Command phase ends and you progress to your Movement phase.

In this step, if for any reason a unit is forced to take a Battle-shock test for being below its Starting Strength, unless otherwise stated, that unit does not also have to take a Battle-shock test for being Below Half-strength. While a unit is Battle-shocked, all models in that unit are also Battle-shocked.

```
GAINING COMMANDD POINTs
Outside of the 1CP players gain at the start of the Command phase, each player can only gain a total of 1CP per battle round, regardless of the source (this includes other CP gained at the start of the Command phase).

STARTING STRENGTH
The number of models a unit contains when it is added to your army is known as its Starting Strength.

BELOW HALF-STRENGTH
Some rules will refer to a unit being Below Half-strength.

   - If a unit has a Starting Strength of 1, then it is said to be Below Half-strength while its remaining number of wounds is less than half of its Wounds characteristic.
   - For any other unit, while the number of models in that unit is less than half of its Starting Strength, that unit is said to be Below Half-strength.

DESTROYED
Throughout a battle, models will suffer damage and be destroyed. When a model is destroyed, it is removed from the battlefield. When every model in a unit has been destroyed, that unit is destroyed.

ATTATCHED UNITS
Some CHARACTER units have the Leader ability, which lets them merge with other units (known as Bodyguard units) to form an Attached unit.

The Starting Strength of an Attached unit is equal to the combined Starting Strengths of all of its units (i.e. the number of models in the Leader unit added to the number of models in the Bodyguard unit). If either the Leader unit or the Bodyguard unit in an Attached unit is destroyed, the Starting Strength of the remaining unit is changed to be equal to its original Starting Strength.

 | Example: A Primaris Captain (Starting Strength 1) is attached to a unit of Intercessors (Starting Strength 5). This Attached unit has a Starting Strength of 6. If all the Intercessors are destroyed, the remaining Primaris Captain would revert to having a Starting Strength of 1.

For the purposes of rules that are triggered when a unit is destroyed, such rules are still triggered when one of the individual units that made up an Attached unit is destroyed (the Leader or the Bodyguard unit).

 | Example: If a rule awards you with 1VP each time an enemy unit is destroyed, and you target an Attached unit, you would gain 1VP if the Bodyguard unit is destroyed and 1VP if the Leader unit is destroyed (for a total of 2VP).

```
